*** System restart required ***
Last login: Wed Aug 24 14:33:47 2022 from 10.45.3.89
jheinnic@lemon:~$ channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out

jheinnic@lemon:~$ channel 12: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 21: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 19: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 19: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 9: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 11: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 11: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 10: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 11: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 8: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
channel 7: open failed: connect failed: Connection timed out
